docs: add intro to abstract documentation (#38)
AbstractSDK/abstract: framework/docs/src/1_abstract_platform_overview.md

```

## Why Build with Abstract?

Building decentralized applications is hard! We know this because we've been there. We've spent countless hours building 
applications on the Cosmos ecosystem, and we've created Abstract with all the lessons we learned along the way to make it 
easier and faster to build for you.

- **Based on CosmWasm** 🌟: Abstract is built on top of the [CosmWasm][1] smart-contract framework, which has been battle-tested 
  and proven to be secure and reliable. This also means that you can leverage the existing tooling and community to 
  accelerate your development process.

- **Chain-Agnostic** 🌐: The Abstract platform is built to support various blockchain networks within the Cosmos ecosystem, giving 
  you the flexibility to choose the best-suited platform for your dApp.

- **Modular Design** 🧩: Abstract's modular architecture allows you to choose from a curated library of smart-contract or 
  develop your own using the Abstract SDK, enabling rapid development and customization. Think of Abstract as a lego set for 
  building decentralized applications, connect the pieces you need and voilà!.

> - **Custom Governance** 🗳️: Abstract allows you to create custom governance structures tailored to your application's 
>   specific requirements, including integration with multi-signature wallets and DAOs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom Governance** 🗳️: All Abstract Accounts can be governed by any entity tailored to your application's specific requirements. Currently, the Console supports soverign, cw3-flex-multisig, and DaoDao-governed Accounts.
```

- **Development Tooling** 🛠: Abstract offers a vast integration testing library, enabling you to quickly increase test coverage 
  and ensure the reliability of your dApps.

- **Version Management** 🔄: Abstract simplifies the process of managing smart-contract versioning, ensuring you can quickly 

>   release and access new features and bug-fixes.

Reviewer: do you feel that we should include some links or examples? This version management is possible through the registry, which I'm not sure if we explain elsewhere.

> - **Ecosystem Integrations** 🌱: Abstract is designed to work seamlessly with popular projects and services in the Cosmos 
>   ecosystem, from DEXes to wallets, we got it all!. If you want to know more about our integrations, check out the [Integrations](10_integrations.md) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ecosystem Integrations** 🌱: Abstract is designed to work seamlessly with protocols, projects, and services in the ever-expanding IBC ecosystem; from DEXes, order-books, NFT-marketplaces, to wallets, we got it all!. If you want to know more about our integrations, check out the [Integrations](10_integrations.md) section.
```
